passalacqua, it
rosewood-hong-kong, hk
four-seasons-bangkok, th
the-upper-house, hk
aman, tokyo, jp
mamounia, ma 
soneva-fushi, mv
four-seasons-firenze, it
mandarin-oriental-bangkok, th
capella-bangkok, th
the-calile, au
chable-yucatan-chochola, mx
aman, venice, it
raffles, sg
the-connaught, gb
four-seasons-madrid, es
rosewood-sao-paulo, br
capella-singapore, sg
le-bristol-paris, fr
park-hyatt-kyoto, jp
la-reserve-paris, fr
cheval-blanc-paris, fr
four-seasons-astir-palace-athens, gr
desa-potato-head-seminyak, id
the-oberoi-amarvilas-agra, in
mamounia, ma 
one-amp-only-mandarina, mx 
singita-lodges-kruger, za 
claridge-s, gb 
nihi-sumba, id 
esencia, mx 
le-sirenuse, it 
borgo-egnazia-spa-golf-ville, it 
royal-mansour-marrakech, ma 
the-maybourne-riviera, fr 
gleneagles-st-andrews, gb
soneva-jani, mv 
the-siam, th 
badrutt-s-palace-st-moritz, ch 
the-royal-atlantis, ae  
the-nomad-london, gb 
the-savoy, gb 
equinox-hudson-yards, us 
six-senses-ibiza, es 
de-crillon-paris, fr 